well let me just have a look at which
episode is next to this week off please
I guess that's a no damn you people are
taskmasters okay so this is one of those
episodes where you can guess the entire
plot from the title there's gonna be a
giant child and the Transformers are all
tiny like toys get it what's worse the
story opens with some ridiculously
contrived situation involving baseball
yeah somehow the Decepticons built a
space bridge in the middle of a fully
populated baseball diamond people showed
up in their seats and bought beer and
hotdogs and stuff somebody came out and
sang the national anthem presumably one
or more of the team's came out to
practice before the game but somehow
nobody noticed the giant
interdimensional portal
I suppose it was hiding into somebody
else's problem field I guess somebody
just wanted to make a bunch of terrible
baseball puns and sight-gags
because if there's one thing sci-fi
nerds love its sports that's called
knowing your target audience although
come to think of it seeing the
Decepticons terrorize a bunch of jocks
is right out of my ten-year-old
fantasies so I suppose they get a pass
so here's where the contrived part comes
in
the Autobots naturally charge in to save
the day and this whole elaborate action
sequence takes place just so a handful
from each team can accidentally fall
into the space bridge which accidentally
gets activated uh-huh and then there
they are in a giant kids bedroom
terrorized by toys and the family cat
and so on in that fashion oh the
hilarity in the middle of all this two
really strange things happen perceptor
drives around like a car like all
microscopes do and back on earth
Wheeljack transforms into jazz I don't
even know what to say about that one oh
and when our giant kid finally shows
himself he drops Starscream into a
fishbowl and he turns into skywarp but
we've seen that trick lots of times so
yes there's a giant child they make a
half-hearted effort to make him an alien
by giving him slightly off-color skin
bug eyes not enough fingers but frankly
I've seen that before too it's just not
all that exotic stupid concept aside for
a moment this episode is genuinely
horrible as for
animation mistakes go I can't recall
seeing this many flubs in a single
episode in quite a while
bad coloring weird problems with cells
lining up it's particularly terrible
even for this show the party of Autobots
includes prime perceptor and Ferno
bumblebee and only very occasionally
smokescreen but more often than not not
you know I think I've worked out what
the problem is I think this episode was
produced on bring-your-daughter-to-work
day only the daughters wrote it animated
it did the voice production this whole
thing was made by children that explains
everything okay so based on that
assumption I'm gonna go easy on this
episode I mean it's not that bad an
effort really for a girl
look ravage is running on a hamster
wheel and thrust gets tied up with
string and the kids dad has a fantastic
torn mustache okay I'm genuinely pleased
with that one because he looks like an
alien version of my dad circa 1985
relatable meanwhile back on earth the
Autobots are clueless even with chip
yeah big deal so the kids parents take
the robots of the authorities who poke
and prod at them with sticks and then
decide they need to be dissected man I
didn't even go through that phase till I
was 13 or 14 and even then involve
firecrackers how primitive the kid can't
bear seeing his toys tortured since I
guess he hasn't hit puberty yet so he
grabs them up and runs off then the
Decepticons escape too and fly after
them including ravage who's sort of
doggy paddles through the air and they
chase each other through the sewers so
hilarity can ensue cuz if there's one
thing funnier than running around in the
sewers it's running around in alien
sewers
I have bet their poop is like blue or
something Oh 16 minute mark what is that
6 minutes left I can do this I can do
this I can do this come on I made it
through the core I made it through the
Autobot run like I can this is just
stupid it's not bad I can 6 minutes okay
let's see fight scene some kind of
elephant rat serving on garbage hitching
a ride back to the kids house on the
back of his cat
the Decepticons escaping back to earth
alligators for some reason and leaving
the planet and a toy rocket wait they're
not back on Earth yet this is a two-part
episode
now it's time for this week's science
lesson utilizing the Edit on cubes I can
modify my light cannon into a transport
beam amplifying the race through this
telescope uh-huh sure whatever